---
title: "How To Spy on Shopify Competitors & Steal Their Winning Products"
channel: ZIK Analytics
date: 2025-12-16
url: "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FfdOoDB_fbE"
cover: imgs/cover.jpg
description: "Spy on Shopify Competitors to Discover Winning Products (Step-By-Step Guide) Try ZIK for 7 days: https://www.zikanalytics.com/solutions/shopify-product-research-tool?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=description&utm_campaign=video&utm_content=Spy+on+Shopify+Competitors+to+Discover+Winning+Products"
language: en
---

# How To Spy on Shopify Competitors & Steal Their Winning Products

Spy on Shopify Competitors to Discover Winning Products (Step-By-Step Guide) Try ZIK for 7 days: https://www.zikanalytics.com/solutions/shopify-product-research-tool?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=description&utm_campaign=video&utm_content=Spy+on+Shopify+Competitors+to+Discover+Winning+Products

If you've ever wished that you could spy on any Shopify store and reveal hidden data that Shopify does not share, this video is going to feel like a cheat code because today I'm going to show you exactly how to use Zix Shopy store sales tracker [music] to uncover sales numbers, revenue, bestselling products, apps your competitors are using even more, and even the ads and social channels that drive their traffic. And we are not guessing. We're literally pulling your data so that you can understand what works, copy proven strategies, and skip the whole trial and error phase that slows most sellers down. [music] By the end of this video, you will know how to spy on any Shopify store using only the URL. Find new stores in your niche with the storefinder.

Break down their marketing strategies. analyze their [music] profitability and even use the data to build or scale your own winning product lineup. Get ready because we're about to look behind the curtain of any Shopify store that you want. All right, let's jump in right now. So, first let me show you how to use Zake sales track.

Okay, we're going to start by copying and pasting a store URL in the sales tracker like okay and yes any URL of a Shopify store will work with this tool to uncover hidden data that Shopify does not share. [snorts] Okay, it can be a store that belongs to your competitor or any store that you want to check out and see if it sells well and learn more about its performance. So let's just take this one selena. com. Can you see that as an example, right?

Okay. So, and once we paste the URL, okay, and hit the search, look at this. We get a full analysis of the store. And then if the store is not tracked yet on Zik, you know, like don't worry because Zik will start to track and pull data from the day that the store was scanned for the first time. Okay.

So here we can see that um you know this is a single product store and then we can review all the information here. You see that it's just crazy. We can start for example with the revenue. Okay. Uh in this side right here and the revenue uh that the store has generated it's the here more than $80,000 in the last 30 days.

And then you have the sales chart where we can see their sales trends over time. And it seems like this month the store had similar sale peaks probably because by promotions or marketing activity that affected the sales. But anyway, then you have the social channels right here. And this store uses has three social channels. One in meta, one in Instagram, and [snorts] one in pin interest.

And then you have the ad channels. So it's running paid ads on Meta and Pinterest. and the store creation date. The store was created in 2021. In the store apps, it's pretty cool.

I love this part. We can actually check all the apps the store uses. And if we find an interesting app that we want to explore, such as the recon convert post, purchase upsell right here. You know, we can just click here, view app, and then it will take us directly to the Shopify app store page, right, for that app. Also, I see that it's it's a one product store as I mentioned before.

So, it sells this thing here, this uh crossbody clutch wallet, and it has sold $1,958 times in the last 30 days, generating more than $80,000. Not bad, right? Now, out of curiosity, let's see how much we can buy this cross body clutch wallet on AliExpress. Okay, so for this, I want to show you something really cool. Look at this.

You know, I can just go here and then I can just click here on the item finder. You see that? And then it will cross match the product with a seller on AliExpress that we can source it from. I see so many exact matches here. So, let's go with this one.

And uh check this out. So, without any discounts, you can get it for $12. 92. Okay. With free shipping.

This means that the seller is selling the exact product for $42. 50 working with around a 70% margin before operational costs. Okay, my friends, 70% margin. Understand that? With a simple calculation, this seller made a profit of around $50,000 this month before accounting for operational costs, including, you know, paid ads and so on.

I do have to say this is a great store. Well, it's amazing that we can get all this data which would not be visible unless we used Zik. If we didn't have this tool, we'd have no idea about this. So, basically from here, I can simply save the store by clicking here, add to favorites. Okay?

And then I can name the store whatever you know whatever you want and then I can scan it every few weeks to understand more about its strategies and for more stores with more products. It's the same thing. I can save them as well. And every two weeks or so, you can add their best selling products into my or your drop shipping store. Let's continue.

Let's go with the second part. And before, let me just ask you this. How can you find more Shopy stores and spy on them? Right. Simply click on this icon right here and use the storefinder tool.

My friends, this tool is amazing for searching Shopify stores that match your desired criteria. Let's use an example here. Let's say that you have or you want to create a drop shipping store that specializes in something like selling pet supplies and gadgets. Okay, so using this tool, you can find all the best Shopify drop shipping stores selling in this niche and then you can replicate what works. Correct?

So from selling like the same or similar winning items all the way to understanding their marketing and designing techniques. So if you already have like a store or or plan to create one, you can take the best practices from your research whatever you find here from from from the winners and improve your operations based on that. So here basically you can search uh for any type of Shopify store. Okay. like drop shipping stores you see here single product stores uh print on demand and more.

But the key is to find stores with strong sales and a few products generating a high number of orders. This means that products in these stores are well selected and well marketed. So let's look at examples in three store types. Okay, drop shipping, single product stores, and print on demand. Let's search for a broad niche keyword, you know, such as pet like we mentioned before.

Okay, like that. And then we filter by drop shipping. Okay. And then you can adjust the filters here based on your strategy. And I'm just going to click like this.

I'm just going to click search. Boom. Like that. Okay. I got a few uh stores here.

And after reviewing them, um there's this store called catcurio. com. Okay. and it looks like a promising drop shipping store. Why?

Well, because I can see that it has 488 products available for sale. So, this is a strong signal that it's a drop shipping store. All right. And it has generated 947 sales. You see that right here?

Not bad. Okay. And this store has social media accounts on almost every major platform as you can see. So, it's a great find as well. Okay.

Okay. So, let's just click here on the spy icon and then it's going to take us directly to the sales tracker, my friends. Check this out right here. You see that? So, this Shopify store has made over $25,000 in revenue in the last 30 days.

Okay? By selling what looks like products from cat niche, right? It's all cats, right? Correct. And it was created back in 2017.

And in addition to a massive organic social media presence, it also runs paid ads on Meta. So now before we reveal the best um like selling items in the store, here's something very important to keep in mind. If you decide to create a store like this one, finding the correct products is just one step. Okay? You also need to understand how the store looks.

obviously um what design practices that they use like ho how they market their products and so on and all of this can be viewed in the top section of the sales tracker. I can click on the store name right here and instantly see how the store looks like including the homepage like the layout, the color scheme like everything that you need to know uh like how the copyrightiting describes the product, what calls to action are used, what sales or promotions are running right now [snorts] and much more much more just by looking at the store. And of course, you can implement these best practices in your own store. And from what I see here, my friends, uh this pet drop shipping uh store doesn't need to sell only products for pets themselves. Okay, look at this right here.

It seems that this store is heavily investing products for cat lovers, not just cats. Okay, they're selling 2026 calendars with cat themes and many other products for pet owners. So not just the pets themselves. Okay. So this is something to learn from and soon we'll see if the strategy is profitable by checking their best selling products.

Okay. I can also click on the store apps right here to check you know whether any of the apps they use could be beneficial for my current or future stores as well. Now, another great thing that the sales tracker does or has is the ability to understand how the store generates traffic that clearly translates into sales. So, for this, I recommend reviewing each of the stores social media channels to understand the following things like which social media platform generates most engagement um and which ones are not necessarily or are simply nice to have. You know, then you have to identify viral social media posts and videos that are working well for the store and take the best practices from them to improve um your own store's social media operations.

Basically, like to copy it, you know. So, let's just review one organic social media channel for example. Let's just click here on Instagram. I see here that creating a store like this one is a smart idea because look at the data. we have 138,000 followers.

And then when I click here on the reals tab, I can instantly see what types of content I should create. Um, if if I want to skip the whole testing phase and just increase my chances of creating a viral video, for example, let's go here. Okay, look. Here's a reel with 6. 8 million views.

And that isn't even advertising a product. You understand? It simply shows a cat. Look at this. chilling next to a fire pit.

All right. And then from that I can see that alone is enough to get Instagram users curious and push them to click on the store link in the bio section. Okay. Now this now makes sense. This cat niche store heavily focuses on products for cat lovers, not only products for cats themselves.

Okay. So, we were able to find a store in the niche that we're interested in, verify that it's performing well, understand how to design our current or future store based on successful model, and even learn what kind of content we should create based on their social media strategy to generate high quality converting traffic. You see my friends, all of that was done using smart insights that Shopify does not share. You understand that insights that we were able to find thanks to the Shopify sales tracker tool. Now, let's go to the fun part and understand the store's profitability.

Are you ready? Let's do this. By the way, let me know what you think about this video so far in the comments below. Okay? If you want more videos like this, don't forget to like and subscribe to our channel as well.

Means a lot to me. All right. But anyway, let's go here. Let's go check here. Uh the profitability.

This is like the most fun part in in my opinion. I I love this part. Okay. After we have all the data that we can implement in our store, we add products based on what really uh works with already works. Correct?

Then when it comes to Shopify, I like to add products to my store that have sold at least 12 times in the past 30 days. And that's exactly what I can do here. Okay, I'll start here. So, I'll just click here in the item finder to source the product since we learned that this store is heavily adding products that are for pet lovers. Okay.

Um, so let's just find out if this strategy is really profitable for them. Let's just choose here this product uh the black and white cat flower pots. Okay, we do that right here. And then I'm just going to click the item finder to find a supplier for this product on AliExpress. Let it load a little bit.

And look at that. So, I found the exact like so many exact matches. Let's go with this one. I'm going to open this one for you. And wow, look at that.

This is the exact same product that the store is selling for $42. 99. And on AliExpress, the same product cost only, look at this, $2153, okay, with free shipping. So, that leaves us $19. 91 in profit for each sale.

And since they sold 14 units in the past 30 days, that's a profit of $278 from just one product out of many. You understand? So if you want to build a store in the pet lover niche, why not add this product instead of guessing what might work, you know? And this is the idea of working smarter and not harder. Like I hope you understand that.

And my friends, if you're thinking about creating a print ondemand store or um if you want to understand a bit more about how to spy on your Shopify competitors, you know, stay around, stick around, don't go anywhere. And if you're enjoying this video, again, please feel free to like and subscribe to our channel. Means a lot to everyone here. Really does. And if you want to spy on any Shopify store and use the Shopify sales tracker, you can try Zick Analytics today.

Give it a try. Let me know what you think. Okay. Um, okay. So, so we we understood how uh the Shopify store sales tracker works for stores that sell physical products.

And for those who are running a print on demand store, well, this part is for you. It's a bit different. So, let me show you some of the strategic things that you can do with this tool to boost your current or future Shopify print ondemand store. So basically to find uh a print ondemand store that we can analyze, we can also use the store finder. Okay.

Add your niche. For example, I'm going to type pet again. Okay. And then I'm going to select this filter right here just to show print ondemand stores. Okay.

Okay. All right. So I see some options right here. So let's go with this one with the noblepawrade. com.

You know, I like the name. Anyway, I'm just going to click on the store sales tracker to check the hidden data inside it. Okay, look at that, my friends. So, when it comes down to print on demand, when I find a good uh POD store, you know, I like to, how can I say this? Like to start with the Shopify apps section to understand what POD services that the store uses.

And look at that. And from what I see here is a T in blue product personalizer. So this is the print ondemand app that this successful store is using. This is pure gold information. So by clicking here on view app, I can see something else too.

I can see that this app might be beneficial for me and whether that it can provide print on demand features that help me convert better or take my pod operation to a higher level. Okay. Second thing that I would do here, uh, because of the high profit margins POD products usually have, it's very common to see paid ads used in these kinds of, um, store. Okay. So, I can click here on the paid ads uh that Zik identified from MetaM, right?

And here I can see the active and inactive ads the store is running to attract buyers. Now, this helps me understand exactly how to position my own products when it comes to paid ads, what type of content to create, um, you know, what creatives work best, and even what target audience I should use. And lastly, and I would say um almost most importantly, I can see which products are performing the best and take inspiration from them just to create my own print on demand products. Okay, so here for example, this store's best seller currently is this one is the custom pet mug. Okay, and now this is something I would never have thought unless I discovered using the data.

All right. So, this is really cool. I actually like this idea. Now, you have seen um how powerful this tool really is. You know, with the store sales tracker, you can inspire on any Shopify store, uncover hidden data that Shopify does not reveal, and find real winning products.

You can also track what's working in your niche and discover marketing strategies that successful stores are using right now. You know, like what I'm trying to say is like this. You know, instead of guessing what might work, [music] you can build your store based entirely on performance data, like saving time, saving money, and growing faster than your competitors who are still testing blindly. And if you found this breakdown helpful, just make sure to like the video and subscribe for more videos like this. I really appreciate it.

Okay? And again, if you want to spy, use all these tools that I'm using here. Try Z analytics today. Let me know in the comments below if you have tried or not. I'll get back to you.

All right. Thank you so much for watching. Means a lot to me. All right. Keep moving forward and I'll see you next time.

>> [music]
